= Snake Case Hash  (was: Rash)

== If you are reading this in 2018, don't use this gem -- this is only kept around because some products from other people have it as a dependency and I have sent a pull request to them with better solutions.

== This version of rash has been renamed snake_case_hash gem (with class Hashie::SCHash) to avoid namespace conflicts in gemspec.


This was needed because Hashie version 3 introduced a new class Hashie::Rash that interfered with the Hashie::Rash class that was in the Rash gem, and the maintainer of the Rash gem hasn't updated or accepted pull requests in some time.  I guess this is a fork but just to avoid problems around loading gems in .gemspec files (which unlike bundler doesn't allow you to specify git sources.)

Snake Case Hash is an extension to Hashie ( http://github.com/intridea/hashie ) that was originally named Rash.

SCHash subclasses Hashie::Mash to convert all keys in the hash to underscore

The purpose of this is when working w/ Java (or any other apis) that return hashes (including nested) that have camelCased keys

You will now be able to access those keys through underscored key names (camelCase still available)

== Usage

  @rash = Hashie::SCHash.new({
    "varOne" => 1,
    "two" => 2,
    :three => 3,
    :varFour => 4,
    "fiveHumpHumps" => 5,
    :nested => {
      "NestedOne" => "One",
      :two => "two",
      "nested_three" => "three"
    },
    "nestedTwo" => {
      "nested_two" => 22,
      :nestedThree => 23
    }
  })

  @rash.var_one                 # => 1
  @rash.two                     # => 2
  @rash.three                   # => 3
  @rash.var_four                # => 4
  @rash.five_hump_humps         # => 5
  @rash.nested.nested_one       # => "One"
  @rash.nested.two              # => "two"
  @rash.nested.nested_three     # => "three"
  @rash.nested_two.nested_two   # => 22
  @rash.nested_two.nested_three # => 23

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Tom Cocca. See LICENSE for details.

=== Acknowledgements

* Zac Colon (https://github.com/wzcolon) for initially moving Rash to a new namespace and updating dependencies.
* Trocca (https://github.com/tcocca) for Rash
* Intridea (https://github.com/intridea) for Hashie
* Mislav Marohnić (https://github.com/mislav) for contributions to Rash
* Steve Agalloco (https://github.com/spagalloco) for updating Rash to use bundler, rspec 2.5, hashie 1.0 and fixing some load dependencies
